1
What is the key distinction between supervised and unsupervised learning?

Supervised learning uses labeled data, while unsupervised learning works with unlabeled data to find patterns

Unsupervised learning uses labeled data, while supervised learning works with unlabeled data to find patterns

Correct ans: 2
2
Select the correct example of a real-world application for each type of machine learning.

Supervised learning in email spam filtering, unsupervised learning in customer segmentation, and reinforcement learning in training self-driving cars.

Supervised learning in email spam filtering, reinforcement learning in customer segmentation, and unsupervised learning in training self-driving cars.

Correct ans :1
3
Select the correct machine learning type for Supervised learning

Involves agents interacting with an environment to maximize rewards through learned actions.

Uses labeled data to make predictions based on previously known outcomes.

Trains models on unlabeled data to discover hidden patterns and groupings.

Correct! ans :2
           
                      TYPES OF SUPERVISED LEARNING :

1
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised machine learning?. Which of the following statements are true?

Supervised learning problems can be grouped into clustering and association.

Supervised learning is used when we want to predict a certain outcome from a given input.

The goal for unsupervised learning is to model the underlying structure or distribution in the data.

There are two major types of supervised learning problems, called clustering and regression.

Correct ans : 2 and 3
2
Select which of the following scenarios are regression problems.

Predict whether a user will churn from the service.

Predict the score that a student will achieve in an exam whose grade can be 0.1, 2,. . . , 10

Given a tweet, determine whether or not it contains text against or on favor for a presidential candidate.

Predict how much a company will spend on electricity the next semester.

Correct ans : 2 and 4
3
Select which of the following scenarios are classification problems.

Impact of blood alcohol content on coordination

An algorithm is trained to recognize spam email by learning the characteristics of what constitutes spam vs non-spam email.

Determine whether a customer is likely to purchase more items or not

Predict the prices of a house in Boston based on zipcode, neighbourhood, the per capita crime rate by town, etc

Correct ans: 2 and 3

